#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pelican
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pelican
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
feedgenerator==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pelican
ipython==8.14.0
    # via pelican-liquid-tags
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   pelican
jsonschema==4.18.6
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
libsass==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.3
    # via pelican-liquid-tags
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
packaging==23.1
    # via nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pelican==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pelican-liquid-tags
    #   pelican-tag-cloud
    #   pelican-webassets
pelican-liquid-tags==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pelican-tag-cloud==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pelican-webassets==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   pelican
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pelican
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   feedgenerator
    #   pelican
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-client
referencing==0.30.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rich==13.5.2
    # via pelican
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.2
    # via jupyter-client
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
unidecode==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pelican
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webassets==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pelican-webassets
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
